"Man has gone out to explore other worlds and other civilizations without having explored his own labrynth of dark
passages and secret chambers, and without finding what lies behind doorways that he himself sealed."
-Stanislaw Lem, Solaris
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Humans have taken over the solar system and are now looking to expand out beyond the gravity well of our own sun.   
In order to cover the vast distances between our solar system and the inhabitable planets beyond, we have created 
a wormhole that theoretically links us to the closest solar system that we suspect contains inhabitable planets.  
You have volunteered to be the first astronaut to travel through the wormhole.  Nobody knows for sure what will 
happen.  You will be the first to see what the loftiest goals and greatest minds in the history of mankind have created.
You are reaching the event horizon and are passing into the man-made wormhole now.  We all wait to hear back about 
your journey, the future of mankind travels with you...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You come to consciousness and slowly open your eyes.  You look around and realize you are in your room except that 
all the comforts that usually make up your room are no longer there; it is just a shell of familiarity.  You notice 
your cat Sig sleeping at the foot of the bed. When you sit upright Sig wakes up and looks at you, “meow” he says 
lazily before looking strangely surprised.  Sig stands up, coughs up a hairball and tries again.

Sig: "Ahem, sorry about that I had something in my throat.  Welcome to the center of your mind.  I am your host...
well not actually, you are your own host, but I am the personification you created to host yourself. For some reason 
your unconscious mind chose for me to take on the form of your cat, probably because it is the thing you talk to the 
most, but who can really make sense of these things... This is probably confusing and slightly frightening to you so I 
will be forthright.  You are stuck in your own mind.  That wormhole did not take you to unexplored regions of the 
universe, at least not the ones that you humans always think are so important, it took you to the only frontier that
matters, the one in your mind.  Everything you see around you is just a projection your mind created to satisfy your 
evolutionary need for spatial position and relation.  In reality you are sitting in your spaceship, seemingly comatose,
while you drool onto the front of your shirt.  As your host I can show you around your mind but it is up to you to 
make yourself comfortable here. You will need to collect items from the different parts of your mind.  There is the
abstract reasoning room, the memory room, the construction room, the sensory room, and finally the subconscious room.
Each room will provide you with a necessary item to keep you comfortable while you are here, but only if you find the
best way to handle each room's particular challenge.  Your mind also contains many inner demons and if you don't make
yourself comfortable here quickly they may overtake overtake you.  Now with all that out of the way, let us be off!"

You stand up with the acceptance of someone dreaming, ready to explore.
